Hi everyone.
My name is Ali Mohamed Amin.
I will be your instructor in this challenging course.
I am a software engineer.
I started my career as a Python auto developer and after that in DevOps Cloud engineer.
I like to learn past certifications and share knowledge with others.
I have more than 32 certifications.
I am certified in Java and Kubernetes.
Sica Sica sica s in Terraform AWS architect.
Associate in Scrum Master I am certified also in Kubernetes, security in AWS architect, associate,
AWS developer, Linux Foundation, Azure DevOps, Azure Architect Professional, Prometheus, GCP,
Digital Leader, GCP, Cloud Architect, and Cloud DevOps.
I have also some other apps modeled published in the platform Odoo apps in different versions.
You can join me in LinkedIn or also in my YouTube channel.
I will do a lot of videos to learn development, DevOps and cloud.